Add Dune section in OCaml content (#473)
developer-portal/content: tech/languages/ocaml/dune.md

---
title: Dune
subsection: ocaml
order: 2
---

# Dune

> Dune is a build system for OCaml. It provides a comprehensive and uniform interface for the building, testing, and installation of OCaml projects, making it incredibly easy for developers to manage dependencies between packages. Its primary focus is to offer simplicity, speed, and ease of use, making it a suitable solution for even the most complex and extensive OCaml projects. With Dune, you can enjoy the benefits of incremental builds, which result in faster build times by recompiling only the necessary files. Moreover, Dune makes it convenient to generate optimized native code and perform static analysis, contributing to the development of high-performance and reliable OCaml applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dune is a build system for OCaml. It provides a comprehensive and uniform interface for the building, testing, and intalling OCaml projects, making it incredibly easy for developers to manage dependencies between packages. Its primary focus is to offer simplicity, speed, and ease of use, making it a suitable solution for even the most complex and extensive OCaml projects. With Dune, you can enjoy the benefits of incremental builds, which result in faster build times by recompiling only the necessary files. Moreover, Dune makes it convenient to generate optimized native code and perform static analysis, contributing to the development of high-performance and reliable OCaml applications.
```

## Install

> You can install Dune with OPAM that we installed in the enviroment setup. For do it just run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Dune with OPAM that we installed in the enviroment setup.

To install Dune using OPAM run:
```

Consider linking `environment setup` to the page

```console
$ opam install dune
```

## Starting a new Project

> 1. Create a new directory for your project.

Reviewer: numbering in this whole section turns into all 1s.  I think the numbering has to be in succession if you want it numbered just like here: which renders correctly the 1 and 2 
```
## Building the project.
1...
2...
```

Author: Fixed https://github.com/developer-portal/content/pull/473/commits/7e02639e7f9c88ea9411215e7265a21d3926080a

```console
$ mkdir yourprojectname
```

> 2. Change into the new directory and run the following command to initialize a Dune project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To initialize a Dune project change into the new directory and run the following command:
```
